= Ultraviolet

This is a fixed version of the Ultraviolet syntax highlighting library for the 1.9 tree of the Ruby programming language. There are still some languages that are not working, but hopefully will be soon. If you find any bugs, or fix any syntax files, please send me a note and I'll update the repository.

== Non-working languages
 * C
 * C++
 * mail
 * markdown
 * mel
 * PHP
 * pmwiki
 * Regexp Oniguruma
 * Regexp Python
 * Smarty
 
== Install

Ultraviolet requires a couple other libraries. Textpow and plist are required but not working on 1.9. But don't fret, fixed versions can be found at the following locations:

* {Textpow}[http://github.com/spox/textpow]
* {plist}[http://github.com/spox/plist]

= Etc.

For ultraviolet information, see the README.txt file for original author information

= Original Ultraviolet

Ultraviolet is a syntax highlighting library and engine. It
uses TextMate[http://macromates.com/] syntax files and parses
them using the Textpow[http://textpow.rubyforge.org] library. It 
supports more than 60 programming languages out of the box.

== SYNTAX


== REQUIREMENTS:

* Oniguruma for Ruby[http://oniguruma.rubyforge.org] v1.1.0 or higher.
* Textpow[http://textpow.rubyforge.org] v0.9.0 or higher.

== INSTALL:

sudo gem install -r markray

== BUGS/PROBLEMS/INCOMPATIBILITIES:


== TODO:


== CREDITS:


== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2007 FIX

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
